Refactor platform specific documentation into a common place (#4330)
microsoft/CCF: doc/architecture/platforms/index.rst

Platforms
===================

> CCF can run on several platforms, which platform CCF runs on will have impacts on how attestations are verified and therefore what security guarantees you have.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CCF can run on several hardware platforms/trusted execution environments, which will have impact on the security guarantees of the service and on how attestation reports are generated verified.
```

Author: https://github.com/microsoft/CCF/pull/4330/commits/45e83c247beb35a2cfc5d1395398fd50e2b08e74

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1

    sgx
    snp
    virtual

> Which platform code is run is determined partly by the compile time flag ``COMPILE_TARGETS`` and partly by runtime detection of the hardware.

Reviewer: `COMPILE_TARGETS` is a contributor concern (i.e. who builds CCF) rather than an operator concern. While we could add a note on this [here](https://microsoft.github.io/CCF/main/contribute/build_ccf.html#build-switches), I think we should omit this from the documentation, until #4069 has been addressed.

Author: Part of the aim of this is to have one reference for everything about the platform though so I think it makes sense to include it? We could drop it for now, but I don't see the harm in documenting how it is now and then updating the docs when the implementation changes?

Reviewer: Because the docs is separate by area of concern, it's not expected that operators (where this section belongs) compile CCF, or the CCF app so I think it'd be better to point to [`enclave.type`](https://microsoft.github.io/CCF/main/operations/configuration.html#enclave) in the node configuration instead.

Author: https://github.com/microsoft/CCF/pull/4330/commits/1263baedcfab78e5488ff8d47c5da46581eb5508

> CCF networks running a mix of node platforms are not currently supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: CCF networks running a mix of node platforms are not currently supported.
```

Renders nicely in the docs.

Author: https://github.com/microsoft/CCF/pull/4330/commits/43e51acc4b4a0aee98d8e892ffb419bf21840779
